Review received May 15:
Title: Important topic with clearly presented contribution

Review: I enjoyed reading this paper a lot.  MCMC analysis presents a large number of issues as the sample size gets large. The approach presented here, using an alternative to the Metropolis ratio and auxiliary variables seems interesting and usable.  The results, both theoretical and empirical, are impressive.

I also thought that the paper was exceedingly well written.  In particular, I could follow clearly each step of the argument all the way through.

Review received May 5:

Title: This paper presents a new method for Metropolis-Hastings sampling which utilises much less data while still achieving good results. It appears to me that the derivations are technically sound (didn’t go through carefully) and the results (speed up) are promising.

Review: 1. This paper’s contributions are buried under the technical details and thus not easy to see the main idea of the paper. Since the maths for the derivations are rather involved, I suggest adding more explanation/intuition on why a particular method is useful. For example, why the Barker logistic acceptance function in Sec 3.2 is used?

2. The concept of temperature is not explained. What is temperature and what does it do? If this is a well known thing then perhaps adding a line or two to briefly explain the key words will help.

3. It would be interesting to see the performance of the various MCMC samplers in how accurate they can obtain the posterior distribution of the parameters. As I understand, there are some approximations involved and thus the algorithms might not actually converge to the true posteriors. It would be nice to, say, evaluate the posterior means of the parameters and see how close they are to the ground truth parameters.

4. By using citation as nouns, it makes reading a sentence harder, eg in “under the assumptions of [Korattikara et al., 2014]”. It can be changed to “under the assumptions of Korattikara et al. [2014]” which reads better. This can be done by using \citep, \citet, etc (in natbib package).

5. Minor spelling mistakes in the reference, the proper nouns are not capitalised. e.g. markov chain monte carlo, gibbs sampling. This can easily be fixed by enclosing the proper nouns by curly brackets, i.e. markov chain monte carlo -> {Markov} chain {Monte Carlo}.

